Add more some context for the README (#69)
SAFEHR-data/emap: README.md

# Emap

Experimental Medicine Application Platform (EMAP) produces a near real-time database 
containing clinical data for research and dashboard development within UCLH. 

This is a non-operational “mirror” of a subset of UCLH data (historical and live). 
The underpinning aim is to ensure that no clinical data are corrupted or destroyed during the interaction 
between the research process and the hospital’s systems and that the systems are not compromised 

> (for instance, if they are interrupted or slowed down by research enquiries).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(for instance, that they are not interrupted or slowed down by research enquiries).
```
